backport 5.0: Add info to pass the env variables to the bootstrap script (#4028) (#4030)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added info about passing env variables to bootstrap script in Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added information about passing environment variables to bootstrap script in Client
```
